README.md, before:

# TIL

> Today I Learned

A collection of concise write-ups for something that I learn each day. Credit to [jbranchaud](https://github.com/jbranchaud/til) for the idea.

---

### Categories

* [Bash](#bash)
* [Git](#git)
* [Hardware](#hardware)
* [Markdown](#markdown)
* [Python](#python)
* [Sublime](#sublime)
* [Ubuntu](#ubuntu)

---

### Bash

- [Add a please command to retroactively sudo](bash/please_command_retroactive_sudo.md)
- [Make terminal auto-complete case-insensitive](bash/make_autocomplete_case_insensitive.md)

---

### Git

- [Access help and documentation in the terminal](git/help_and_documentation.md)
- [Change the author of a past commit](git/change_author_of_past_commit.md)
- [View concise history of commits by author](git/view_concise_history_commits_by_author.md)
- [View the diff of a staged commit](git/view_diff_of_staged_commit.md)

---

### Hardware

- [Test a computer power supply with a paper clip](hardware/test_power_supply_with_paper_clip.md)

---

### Markdown

- [Escape backticks](markdown/escape_backticks.md)
- [Markdown basics](markdown/basics.md)

---

### Python

- [Access help and documentation in the terminal](python/help_and_documentation.md)
- [Assign a slice of a sequence to a sequence of any size](python/assign_slice_sequence_any_size.md)
- [Delete item from a SQLAlchemy database](python/sqlalchemy_delete_item_from_database.md)
- [Test for object existence in an iterable](python/test_for_object_existence_in_iterable.md)
- [Use abstract base classes to enforce structure](python/abstract_base_classes.md)
- [Use string interpolation instead of format in logging](python/string_interpolation_instead_of_format_logging.md)

---

### Sublime

- [Enable Python linting and PEP8 formatting](sublime/enable_python_linting_and_pep8_formatting.md)

---

### Ubuntu

- [Disable a broken input device](ubuntu/disable_broken_input_device.md)
- [Make a file executable](ubuntu/make_file_executable.md)

Commit message:

add entry for flask ajax script root

README.md, after:

# TIL

> Today I Learned

A collection of concise write-ups for something that I learn each day. Credit to [jbranchaud](https://github.com/jbranchaud/til) for the idea.

---

### Categories

* [Bash](#bash)
* [Git](#git)
* [Hardware](#hardware)
* [Markdown](#markdown)
* [Python](#python)
* [Sublime](#sublime)
* [Ubuntu](#ubuntu)

---

### Bash

- [Add a please command to retroactively sudo](bash/please_command_retroactive_sudo.md)
- [Make terminal auto-complete case-insensitive](bash/make_autocomplete_case_insensitive.md)

---

### Git

- [Access help and documentation in the terminal](git/help_and_documentation.md)
- [Change the author of a past commit](git/change_author_of_past_commit.md)
- [View concise history of commits by author](git/view_concise_history_commits_by_author.md)
- [View the diff of a staged commit](git/view_diff_of_staged_commit.md)

---

### Hardware

- [Test a computer power supply with a paper clip](hardware/test_power_supply_with_paper_clip.md)

---

### Markdown

- [Escape backticks](markdown/escape_backticks.md)
- [Markdown basics](markdown/basics.md)

---

### Python

- [Access help and documentation in the terminal](python/help_and_documentation.md)
- [Add a script root tag in Flask to support AJAX](python/flask_script_root_tag_ajax.md)
- [Assign a slice of a sequence to a sequence of any size](python/assign_slice_sequence_any_size.md)
- [Delete item from a SQLAlchemy database](python/sqlalchemy_delete_item_from_database.md)
- [Test for object existence in an iterable](python/test_for_object_existence_in_iterable.md)
- [Use abstract base classes to enforce structure](python/abstract_base_classes.md)
- [Use string interpolation instead of format in logging](python/string_interpolation_instead_of_format_logging.md)

---

### Sublime

- [Enable Python linting and PEP8 formatting](sublime/enable_python_linting_and_pep8_formatting.md)

---

### Ubuntu

- [Disable a broken input device](ubuntu/disable_broken_input_device.md)
- [Make a file executable](ubuntu/make_file_executable.md)
